Important!
To use the included scanner and targeting scripts, you’ll need to set a few project settings, mainly to coordinate faction tag and/or layer names used.

Turret and Project Set-up
First, you’ll need to decide if you want the turrets or units to choose their own targets, or if you’ll supply the targets from another source - such as a vehicle that might hold more than one turret, or perhaps from player input.
Included are scripts to scan and choose targets, but of course you may want to extend these or build your own. 

Automatic target selection:
The most typical ways sides or factions are tracked, are through tags or layers. SmoothTurret can handle either one.
MF_B_Scanner is the script that scans for targets and stores them in the MF_B_TargetList script, and MF_B_Targeting will then choose a target from that list. We will need to indicate a few things in these scripts that relate to your project.

When using MF_B_Scanner, choose either Tags or Layers from the Faction Method Type menu, corresponding to your method of team differentiation.
Now, you need to supply the tag names or layer names of the factions to be designated as valid targets.

The MF_enum script includes the names, “Side0, Side1, Side2, Side3”.
You can change your tag or layers to match these names via the Unity3D menu: Edit > Project Settings > Tags and Layers.
Or, you can change enums to match the tag and layer names of your project by editing this line near the top of the MF_enmus script located at: _MobFarm Basics > Scripts > Abstracts_Statics:

public enum FactionType { Side0, Side1, Side2, Side3 };

Once you’ve got your tag or layer names matching, you can begin telling the scanner how to behave.
In the Targetable Factions field, increase the number to match how many different factions should be targeted.
Then, you’ll see a matching number of drop down menus where you can choose this scanner’s targetable factions.

By default, MF_B_Targeting will choose the closest detected target. You may change this by using the drop-down menu of Priority. Additionally, you may check Keep Current Target, and that target will remain locked until it dies or otherwise drops off the targeting list, such as due to moving out of scanner range.

Make sure the Controller field in ST_TurretControl is set to AI_AutoTarget.

Manual target selection:
If you want to manually designate a target:
1.  In ST_TurretControl, set the drop-down menu of Controller to AI_AutoTarget.
2.  Drag an object into the Target field of the ST_TurretControl script component in the inspector.
3.  Finally, make sure there is no MF_B_Targeting script active. 
The turret or unit will now aim or fire at the provided target and will not choose targets on its own.

This enough to get a basic targeting working. The rest of the documentation will cover more advanced features, and describe all the functions and variables in depth.